The Olympic trials this time
I heard that many people in our village have good grades
That's hahaha.
Even if you can't make it to the Olympics
Play the National Games or something in the future
Stinky
Hahaha hey
I heard that Lin Jianjun's son, Lin Yaogu
Well done
Possibly on the Olympic shortlist?
That is, that is.
Our big boss said
If the reward for entering the Olympic shortlist 1 million
1 million, that's more than money
The village chief said
If he gets his name at the Olympics
I have to drive him a single car on the spectrum
This is the glory that no amount of money can buy.
That's it, that's it, hahaha.
Iron pillar 500 pieces
A thousand dollars for a big dragon.
Oops you really broke the world record
Hmm dad
Coach Tang
And several other judges have confirmed and hidden
Private
It's time to call the promotion
Ok good daughter
You are giving us a temporary ancestral hall to show off your ancestors
What are you women doing here?
We
With 100 yuan, I thought of the ancestral hall to eat
You eat shit
village chief
It's not about entering the Olympic shortlist and entering the ancestral hall
Is it okay to donate 100 yuan?
Besides, we only have 100 yuan left in our house
You said it too
It is only 100 people who want to enter the Olympic candidate list.
Look at your daughter's stupid look
Like someone who's going to be an Olympic candidate?
Pee and look at you